Razorgore:
        phase 1:
        heal your corner, heal wherever. Do what you want really, just dont let ppl die.
        Note: you can drink during this phase!

        phase 2:
        Priests and Druids heal tanks. Zuberi tanks first, swaps to Double
        Shamans on raid heal
        Nemis on raid heal

Vaelastrasz:
        all Priests and Druids on Double
        Nemis HoTs on raid and help heal Double if needed
        

Broodlord:
        Priests and Druids on Tanks: Double, Zuberi, Grot, Highmashed
        All shamans bounce off tanks
        Nemis HoTs on raid

Firemaw:
        Priests, Anoobisath and BigTotem on Double. Preshield before breath.
        Nemis: Raid healing, keep HoTs up on OTs always!
        Makh: Stand with Raid, keep renew on OT's and heal them as they run back after knockback

Ebonroc and Flamegore: 
        priests and druids on tanks. Check Target of Target from the boss. Tanks are Double, Zuberi, Grot, Highmashed.

Chromaggus:
        Druids and priests heal tank.
        shamans heal main tank, EVERY shaman uses poison totem for melee. Step out so you see melee, drop ur totem and step back in and heal.
        Slag and ThrowTotems dispel all the time.
        DottyDotty and Wotalter dispel on magic debuff. (Note DO NOT abolish poison as priest, only dispel) prio dispel mana users, step out to dispel melee.
        Innervate targets: Highmashed -> Bokira

Nefarian:
        phase 1 drakonids:
        go where your group is - 4 Healers go with MT at 40adds dead: Slag, Justatroll, Bokira, Anoobisath

        phase 2 Nefarian lands: 
        Priests and Druids on Double. If Double misses a fear, heal next tank Zuberi or Grot (Nefarian will switch targets)
        Priets be ready to stop healing on priest class call. Be ready to dispel on mage class call
        Bokira: pre-shield MT before breaths and designated tank Renew priest

        Shamans heal Double, raid heal when needed. (on Priest call shamans heal MT prio!)
        Druids: be ready to decurse tank on mage class call